README.md, before:

# Algorithm Practice in TypeScript/JavaScript

Welcome to my GitHub repository dedicated to algorithm practice and problem-solving! This repository contains my solutions to various problems from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/), written in **TypeScript** and **JavaScript**.

## Table of Contents
- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [License](#license)

## Purpose
The primary purpose of this repository is to:
- Document my journey of solving algorithmic problems.
- Enhance my proficiency in TypeScript and JavaScript.
- Build a portfolio of problem-solving skills for interviews and professional development.

## Folder Structure
```plaintext
/leetcode-practice
|-- /easy
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- /medium
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- /hard
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- README.md
```
- **easy/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Easy."
- **medium/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Medium."
- **hard/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Hard."

Each solution file is named after the problem it solves, using a kebab-case format (e.g., `two-sum.ts`).

## How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/leetcode-practice.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the directory:
   ```bash
   cd leetcode-practice
   ```
3. Install dependencies (if required for testing):
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Run a specific file:
   ```bash
   ts-node path/to/file.ts
   ```
   (Ensure you have TypeScript installed globally or in your project.)

## Technologies Used
- **TypeScript**: For static typing and modern JavaScript features.
- **JavaScript**: As a fallback and for comparison.
- **Node.js**: To execute the scripts locally.

## Contribution Guidelines
At this time, this repository is intended for personal use. However, suggestions or improvements are welcome. Please open an issue or submit a pull request if you'd like to contribute.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Happy coding! 🚀

Commit message:

update readme for unit test and jest

README.md, after:

# Algorithm Practice in TypeScript/JavaScript

Welcome to my GitHub repository dedicated to algorithm practice and problem-solving! This repository contains my solutions to various problems from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/), written in **TypeScript** and **JavaScript**.

## Table of Contents
- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [License](#license)

## Purpose
The primary purpose of this repository is to:
- Document my journey of solving algorithmic problems.
- Enhance my proficiency in TypeScript and JavaScript.
- Build a portfolio of problem-solving skills for interviews and professional development.

## Folder Structure
```plaintext
/leetcode-practice
|-- /easy
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- /medium
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- /hard
|   |-- problem-name.ts
|   |-- ...
|-- README.md
```
- **easy/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Easy."
- **medium/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Medium."
- **hard/**: Contains solutions for problems labeled "Hard."

Each solution file is named after the problem it solves, using a kebab-case format (e.g., `two-sum.ts`).

## How to Use
1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/leetcode-practice.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the directory:
   ```bash
   cd leetcode-practice
   ```
3. Install dependencies (if required for testing):
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Run a specific file:
   ```bash
   ts-node path/to/file.ts
   ```
   (Ensure you have TypeScript installed globally or in your project.)

5. Run the unit test:
   ```bash
   npm run test
   ```
   (Ensure you have Jest installed globally or in your project.)

## Technologies Used
- **TypeScript**: For static typing and modern JavaScript features.
- **JavaScript**: As a fallback and for comparison.
- **Node.js**: To execute the scripts locally.

## Contribution Guidelines
At this time, this repository is intended for personal use. However, suggestions or improvements are welcome. Please open an issue or submit a pull request if you'd like to contribute.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Happy coding! 🚀
